The primitive data types that we learned are the string, number, boolean, undefined, and null data types. They differ from each other in a variety of ways such as Booleans only being function of True or False, while number is simply just a number. Null is a data type that has no value while undefined is a data type that has nothing assigned to it, unlike the Null type which will default to a value of 0, numerically, which had suprised me greatly when converting . The string is the only data type that will support a line of words, though they have to be wrapped in '' or "".  The thing that suprised me most wit hconversions would have to be how easy it was to convert them, giving a simply built-in function of Javascript, along with the fact that Null converts to a 0 specifically because it is a value that represents nothing.

I use AI tools very minimally this section, only really asking it questions when prompted by the assignment, largely because I mostly know a lot of this material already. That said, it did help me understand the difference between a null value and an undefined one, as this was not something that I really used often so I did not know about. Past that, however, I was not necessarily tempted to use AI for this section. I will not lie, though, I feel that once we hit more complex topics that I will feel more tempted to use AI when I start to hit a wall with certain subjects - like OOP if we get to that point.

That all being said, one concept that I would want to explore further is how best practices with variables and constants. I know when to use them and why, but I would like to know how to better implement their uses and interactions as even when I assign variable, I almsot never change their core assigned value for some odd reason.